Welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we’ll show you how to get started with managing Galaxy Enterprise Edition devices in the Knox MSP Portal.
Let’s get started
As an official Samsung Knox Managed Service Provider,
you can easily manage your customer’s Enterprise Edition devices from a single, easy to use console.
Before you can get started with managing Enterprise Edition devices in the Knox MSP Portal,
you’ll need to enroll in the Knox Partner Program as a Managed Service Provider.
You’ll then need to have Galaxy Enterprise Edition devices purchased and uploaded to your customer’s accounts.
After you’ve been approved for enrollment for the Knox Partner Program, sign in and launch the Knox MSP Portal.
When you launch the Knox MSP Portal, you’ll land on the notifications dashboard.
Here you’ll receive important notifications related to your managed customers’ devices, services, and licenses.
To start managing Enterprise Edition devices, we’ll need to first have a customer in the Knox MSP Portal.
Select Customers from the left menu, then click ADD CUSTOMER.
If you are managing an existing Knox customer, you can enter their Customer ID in the field on the right.
In this demo, we’ll be adding a brand new jointly-managed customer to the Knox MSP Portal.
After we fill out the CUSTOMER INFORMATION form and create the new customer,
we’ll then need to ensure that the customer gets Enterprise Edition devices added to their account.
As mentioned in the requirements, you’ll need EE devices purchased and uploaded to your customer’s account.
If you are jointly managing your customers, have them provide their Customer IDs to their EE device reseller.
The reseller will upload the devices directly to the customer’s account.
If you are fully managing your customers, then you’ll need to provide your MSP ID to your resellers
so that they can upload the Enterprise Edition devices directly to your Knox MSP Portal.
Once Enterprise Edition devices have been uploaded to the customer’s account,
you’ll be able to generate Knox Suite licenses for the Enterprise Edition devices.
To do this, go to Licenses in the left navigation menu, then click MANAGE KNOX SUITE ENTERPRISE EDITION LICENSE.
In the pop-up, select the customer with Enterprise Edition devices from the list.
Click CONFIRM to generate an Enterprise Edition license for this customer.
After you accept the Samsung Knox terms of use, you’ll be taken to the Enterprise Edition dashboard page.
Select the device reseller that uploaded the Enterprise Edition devices, then click GENERATE LICENSE.
In the pop-up, select whether you want to Append to an existing license key or Generate a new license key.
Enter an optional license start date, then click GENERATE.
To return to the License page, click the arrow in the top-left corner of the screen.
Back on the Licenses page, you’ll see a list of all licenses, current and expired.
From here, you can manage the services that your customers have access to by clicking a service in the CUSTOMERS column.
For example, if we wanted to launch and manage Knox E-FOTA for our customer,
we’d simply click the Knox E-FOTA link to launch that service’s console.
After the console launches, we’ll be able create campaigns and apply important updates
to the customer’s devices without ever leaving the Knox MSP portal.
This concludes our tour on getting started with Enterprise Edition devices on the Knox MSP Portal.
For more information on Knox MSP, or on getting started with other Knox services, visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!